chore: update storage descriptions (#287)
brown-ccv/ccv-website-content: services/file-storage-and-transfer/brown-storage.md

Several services at Brown allow you to share and store files. These different storage services each have their own relative benefits and features. You can explore the differences with our comparison tool using the link below.

> <a href="/storage" class="button is-link">Compare Storage Options</a> <a href="https://brown.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_a5DbCjYNMb5iU0B" class="button is-link">Request Storage Options</a>

Reviewer: Update link to the JSM 

```suggestion
<a href="/storage" class="button is-link">Compare Storage Options</a> <a href="https://brown.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/16" class="button is-link">Request Storage</a>
```

Reviewer: Actually I'm going to uncouple these changes since I'm asking amar for the link update

> <a href="/storage" class="button is-link">Compare Storage Options</a> <a href="https://brown.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_a5DbCjYNMb5iU0B" class="button is-link">Request Storage Options</a>

Reviewer: Revert
```suggestion
<a href="/storage" class="button is-link">Compare Storage Options</a>
```
